Provide custom format for dailynotes file name (#49)
epwalsh/obsidian.nvim: README.md

})
```

#### Customizing daily notes' date format

> You can customize the file name of your daily notes by providing a date format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the file name of your daily notes by providing a date formatting function:
```

```lua
require("obsidian").setup({
  dir = "~/my-vault",
  daily_notes = {

>     date_format = function()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    format_date = function()
```
